hey good morning family I'm excited to
be with y'all again today I have a word
for you um you know I was praying and I
was seeking the Lord one night and about
3: in the morning the Lord came to me in
and very loud in my spirit and he told
me he said Brandon you're asking me
about uh who's going to be some of the
major leaders in the end time Army and I
was so I was praying about this and he
said John Kilpatrick will be one of the
major voices in the end time AR that you
can trust and you can listen to and this
was what the Lord spoke to me so I I
check in on his ministry every once in a
while and I listen to see what's going
on well one of uh my family members sent
me a video that he did a couple Sundays
ago about uh a word that the lord gave
him in the middle of the night and
you'll you'll see I'm putting it all on
here I'm going to show you that
basically the lord gave him a warning
also telling him about a major
earthquakes major uh uh volcanoes things
like that that were going to start to
take place now I believe what he was
seeing was for the United States and I'm
telling you all I saw a major event
taking place like he even pointed out
what the Lord showed him you'll see is
in Oregon so and I don't want to go
until you can fix and to watch it so I
just want to tell you all this it's it's
amazing to see when God speaks to people
uh uh that are are prophetic
that it's like a mirror you know it it's
it's different but it's the same because
it's the same Spirit of the Lord but he
speaks to each one of us differently but
but it the way we interpret it you know
and so I just think it's amazing so I
want to encourage you all you know watch
this whole thing this is a prophetic
message for today this is is a a warning
for what's coming a major shift a major
shaking is about to take place in this
world and it's not just about America
it's about a worldwide wakeup Jesus
Christ is coming and you better be ready
if you are not saved today's your day
you need to get born again turn and and
and repent of your sins for Jesus Christ
is coming you all and I just want to
encourage you all please watch this
whole thing it will bless you this
sermon is amazing so um I hope I hope
this blesses you knowing this first
there shall come in the last days
scoffers walking after their own lust
and they'll be saying this well where is
the promise of his
coming since the fathers fell asleep
that is the ones that used to be alive
that told us the Lord was
coming they fell asleep he hadn't come
all things continue as they were from
the beginning of creation without
missing a
lick the Bible said for this they
willingly are
ignorant they have made up their minds
that no matter what they
see they're going to be Untouched by
it they made up their
minds that no matter what sign is taking
place in the world on their televisions
and before their very eyes they're not
going to believe they've made up their
mind they got a blindfold
on they are willing willfully ignorant
of that which the word of the Lord the
heavens were of old and the Earth
standing out of the water and in the
water it says two things
willingly
ignorant not just ignorant but willingly
ignorant won't let it
penetrate them won't think on it won't
tell their
children won't discuss it with their
wife or their
husband pastors won't preach it to their
congregations willingly stick their head
in the sand or put a blindfold on and
say nah it's it's it's nothing important
I saw preachers standing behind the
pulpit and they had oil this smooth
liing looking oil all over their
mouth and it was dripping from their
lips and they had roaches and bugs
crawling in and out of their mouth and
laying upon their lips bugs and they
were crawling in their teeth and the
bugs were crawling in and out of their
mouth and they would lay upon their lips
as they would
speak and they had a um you know like a
Sher like in their eyes they were their
motives behind what they were preaching
was all
um selfish
gain trying to appease the ears of the
people then I saw ears on the people uh
and I could see their ears were just
being all these these these Whispers of
of the things that were happening in the
spirit were just were just pacifying
them everything is going to be good all
things are are going to work for your
good for those that love the Lord they
they were speaking the word but they
were not speaking what God was on God's
heart they were speaking things but they
weren't speaking things to make you grow
and I saw these these these these like I
said bugs coming out of their teeth and
out of their mouth and the Lord spoke to
me and he said
Brandon the the preachers are not
teaching the me the meat of the word to
grow grow my children up
into adult stature and those that are on
terrorist watches watch list are
Crossing into our country now every day
many times a
day and I know that many people coming
across our borders are desperate for a
new life and a new start in life and I
understand that I really do I feel sorry
for many of
them they are poor they can't get health
care they drink name of coming to
America and I can understand they're
willing to pay any price to get here
even if it means coming in illegally and
my heart goes out to them but there are
many others who have an evil
intent to destroy our country and to
destroy our way of
life and I want to show you a scripture
I'll have it on the screen it's found in
naom chapter 3:3 I'm going to read it in
the King James first and then I'm going
to read it in the NIV and the New Living
Translation here's the here's the King
James Behold thy people in the midst of
thee are women the gates of th land
shall be set wide open unto your
enemies in naam NIV 313 it says look at
your troops they're all
weaklings the gates of your land are
wide open to your
enemies but this one really gets me the
New Living Translation your troops will
be as weak and helpless as women the
gates of your land will be opened wide
to the
enemy that's the southern border I have
heard so much talk about the southern
border and I have heard so much talk
about how that this is not happening and
that's not happening this presidential
candidate said I'm going to build a wall
and we're going to keep them out another
president gets elected and he opens them
up and anybody can come it's sicking it
is sickening it's like there's no care
anymore we don't care who comes in we
don't care care if they got bombs we
don't care if a hundred of them comes in
that they've all got parts to a nuclear
bomb come on in and they'll build it and
try to have a limited nuclear weapon
explode somewhere in this country if
that happens I hate to say it but we
deserve it because we have taken and
thrown all caution to the wind ladies
and gentlemen our country is in great
Peril and I think it's time somebody
stands up and says it let me read this
to you again in the New Living
Translation your troops will be as weak
and helpless as
women in other words the troops will be
completely
ineffective the gates of your land open
wide to the enemy open wide to
who to people wanting to come here and
have a better and he said no open wide
to the enemy you see what happens when
you put a blindfold on is the enemy's
coming in and you don't even care
anymore that it's the
enemy listen you sow to the wind you'll
reap the
Whirlwind now I want to show you this
scripture in naam this is
interesting I think this sums up the
Biden Administration as good as any
Scripture I've ever
read behold I am against thee sayith the
Lord of
hosts I will discover your skirts upon
your face I will show the Nations your
nakedness and the kingdoms your
shame in the NIV it says this God says
I'm against you
declares the Lord Almighty I'll lift
your skirts over your face and I'll show
the other nations your nakedness and
I'll show all the kingdoms your
shame the kingdoms of this world are
seeing how weak our president is and how
weak his administration is I'm talking
about all the way down from the
Secretary of Defense to the Secretary of
State to the president himself weak weak
weak weak and America is in peril
and unless something happens pretty
quick America is going to be in great
Peril I
saw tens of millions of people coming
from the Mexico border the southern
border trying to invade America over the
next uh year but it wasn't all people
that were uh uh from Mexico they were
from all over the world I literally saw
millions of people coming Millions so
much that you know whenever you're in a
crowd um at at a football field at a big
concert that they're stacked upon
stacked upon stacked upon stacked all in
lines it's like a sea of people all a
sea of people coming from across trying
to come across the border but that was
like all at once all like trying to come
at once and they were all there was
nothing they could do there were so many
people you know what I'm saying seeking
God for Revival because you know as well
as I do now Revival is the only thing
that will make a difference in America
it's the only thing Revival is the cure
of all ills we need the government to be
on the shoulders of Jesus Christ that's
what we need come on somebody help me I
said we need the government to be on his
shoulders can you shout
amen the only thing that's going to save
America is an Awakening unto God that's
the only thing that's ever going to save
and
is Jesus Christ and preaching him
crucified and what he did on that cross
for you that we need to get born again
and we need to get on fire for the Lord
and you start being the salt of the
earth and teaching people the word of
God and that's what's going to change a
nation not
politics politicians are just human
Jesus said this he said in Luke 17 as it
was in the days of
Noah so will it be also also in the days
of the son of
man they ate and they drank they married
wives and they were given in marriage
until the day that Noah entered the Ark
till the very
day and the flood came and destroyed
everybody likewise Jesus mentions this
he said I want to bring to your
attention likewise it was also as it was
also in the days of
lot they ate and they drank they bought
they Soul they planted they built but on
the day that lot went out of
Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from
heaven and destroyed them
all even so it will be in the day when
the son of man is revealed Jesus said
this now this came out of the mouth of
Jesus this is why they didn't like Jesus
because Jesus was a truth teller he
wasn't trying to make nobody mad he was
just saying I'm a Watchman on the wall
and I see something I think you need to
know and he said as you read about these
stories in your scriptures read and
understand in the last days it's going
to be just like this like it was in the
days of Noah and in the days of lot he
said as it was in that day it will be in
the day when the son of man is revealed
and then he said remember this remember
Lot's
wife now I'm going to talk about these
in just a
minute so Abram in Chapter 13 of Genesis
said to
lot let there be no Strife son I pray
between me and you and between my
herdsman and your herdsman for we're
Brethren is not the whole land before
you separate yourself I pray from me if
you'll take the left I'll go to the
right if you don't go to the right I'll
go to the
left and lot lifted up his eyes and he
was a
narcissist he wanted what was best for
him not what was best for his
respectable and honorable uncle uncle
Abraham but a narcissist wants what's
best for
them could I say this before I go any
further that's what's wrong today with
leadership in America just about every
one of them is
narcissist could I say that one more
time what's wrong
today is the people that's on
subcommittees they're more interested in
that camera being on them and them
so-called pin and a witness down so that
they can look good but their people at
home they're more concerned about
looking good to the people at home than
they are trying to find the
[Applause]
truth he said lot lifted up his eyes and
behold the plain of
Jordan it was well watered everywhere
before the Lord destroyed Sodom and
Gomorrah even as the garden of the Lord
which was like Eden it was
beautiful it was like the land of Egypt
it was just beautiful all the way down
to a place called
zor and lot chose him plain of Jordan
and Lot journeyed East and they
separated from each other Abraham and
lot did Abram dwelt in the land of
Canaan and lot dwelt in the cities of
the plane and pitched his
tent toward Sodom
big
mistake but the men of Sodom were Wicked
and
sinners before the Lord
exceedingly so there came a day in
chapter 19: 1-4 I'm going to read this I
I can read it better the word says it
better than I can preach
it there came two angels to
Sodom at evening and lot sat at at the
gates of
Sodom and lot saw these angels rose up
to meet him and he bowed himself with
his face toward the ground he recognized
them as
angels and he said behold now my lords
turn in I pray you into my house and T
all night wash your feet and you shall
rise up early and go on your ways and
they said
no we would rather abide here in the
streets and he pressed upon them greatly
and they turned in unto him and entered
into his house and he made them a feast
and did bake unleavened bread and they
did
eat now these angels
ate they were not just Spirit beings
ethereal but they were
nebulous they could digest food they
could eat food and they went to lot's
house and they ate a feast of unleavened
bread
now before they laid down that night the
men of the city even the men of Sodom
compassed lot's
house round about both old men and young
men and all people from all quarters and
they called un lot and they said hey lot
where's those men that came to you this
night bring them
out that we may know them or bring them
out that we may have relations with
them lot went out to the door unto them
and shut the door after
him the reason he shut the door after
him is he didn't want those angels to
hear him negotiating with these evil
men because once you ever go to the
devil's table the devil's negotiating
table you're not going to get away until
you give something
up and notice what he
said he called him Brethren he said
Brethren don't do so
wickedly what did you call them
Brethren
lot do you know who you are do you know
that your
uncle is
Abraham have you forgot that your uncle
is called the friend of
God and you're out here dealing with
these Wicked
evil
sodomites and you're calling them
Brethren well where does that put
you
and it gets more interesting listen to
this he said I've got two
daughters well I have a question reckon
how those daughters felt about that time
he closed the door behind him didn't
want them angels to hear him negotiating
with these evil
men he said I got two daughters which
have never known a man they're
virgins let me bring them out to you and
you do good to them as you you see in
your eyes but to these men don't touch
them for therefore they came under the
shadow of my roof you know what this is
lot did
this yes willfully ignorant I'll give
you my
daughters I don't care what you do to
them in other words I'm willing to put
my daughters on the negotiating table
don't touch the Angels but you can have
my daughters well what does that
mean what does that mean first of all
the Angels is well able to take care of
themselves amen they're well able to
take care of themselves as a matter of
fact they're going to see within 24
hours he'll take care of everybody in
that whole double Twin City Sodom and
gomorra but he offered his daughters
willfully ignorant what are you talking
about man
your uncle is Abraham have you forgot
who you
are have you forgotten that Abraham is
the friend of God God said he's his
friend and you're out there talking
about these people and you're
negotiating with these people and
willing to give Uncle Abraham's great
nieces to these men to have their way
with them you see what I'm talking about
Sin will make a literal fool out of
you on
and they said stand
[Applause]
back and they said again this one fellow
came into sojourn and he needs be a
judge now we'll deal worse with you and
with them and they pressed sore upon the
men even a lot and they came to break
the door
down such a strong Spirit of of lust was
loose in those cities it was permeating
the atmosphere of those Twin Cities
Sodom and Gomorrah and these men were
burning under that strong Spirit of
lust and they came to break the door
down because lot would not present those
men to him to these men and they were
going to come in break the door down and
get them and rape
them and the Bible says but the men put
forth their hand the Angels put forth
their hand pull lot into the house to
them and shut the
door and they smoked the men that were
at the door of the house with with
blindness both small and great so that
they wearied themselves to find the door
now I have something I'd like to say if
I was one of those men of Sodom and
there were two men in there that I was
interested in and I saw that they had
the power to like that I just said I'm
going to the house I I don't want
nothing to do with that I don't want
nothing to do with that but they had the
power to
blind those men the Bible said there's a
bunch of them they surrounded the house
they were violent they were ready to
break down the door there was a bunch of
them but the Angels could well take care
of themselves and they blinded those men
and they went groping off in the
dark and so here's what it says the men
said to
lot is there anybody else here besides
your
daughters and son-in-law and your
sons and whatever you have in the city
bring them out of this
place in other words it was a state of
emergency now when the Angels really
saw that it was a state of
emergency the Angels said if is there
anybody else here
besides your daughters and son-in-law
and your sons and whatever you have in
this city go go get it and bring it out
of this place we're going to destroy
this place they said it we're going to
destroy this place because the CME
ey of this sin is waxed great before the
face of the Lord and the Lord has sent
us to destroy it God didn't destroy
Sodom and Gomorrah the Angels had been
authorized delegated authority to
destroy Sodom and Gomorrah the Angels
did two
angels and so the Bible said lot went
out and spake to his sons in-law that
married his daughter and said up let's
get out of
here God is going to destroy this city
but look at this now everybody look at
me and listen to me carefully the Bible
said when he told his son-in-laws that
such a state of
emergency they were willfully ignorant
because they saw what
happened could I tell you right now
we're living in one of the most crucial
times America has ever gone through and
most of the American people has blindf
birs on
they don't want to see it they don't
want to hear it people in churches don't
want to hear it and they don't want to
see it we just want some good singing
and we want to love our little pastor
and we just want to have us a nice
little church but they don't want to
hear what the Watchman on the wall has
to say
anymore are you listening to
me I think most of my Ministry is behind
me I've been in this thing 53 years so
I've got nothing to prove
if you're thinking that I'm going to get
worried that you're not going to like me
friend think
again think again it's not going to
bother me if you like me or you don't
like me what I'm trying to say is this
if I hear something that you need to
hear I'm going to tell you and I'm not
going to back up from telling
[Applause]
you so there's there was Major blindness
but the Bible said in the morning them
Angels told lot said get get your family
out of here evacuate your house y'all
evacuate Sodom and Gomorrah get Longs
that you got get out hurry get out they
said tomorrow morning we're going to
destroy this these cities so it said in
the morning look at
this they arose and the angels hastened
a lot the Angels stayed there with them
all night and the angels hasten lot that
means they came with a state of
emergency lot
arise get
up get your wife
up get your daughters up which are here
lest you be
consumed lest you be
consumed with the sins of this
city are you hearing what that said lest
you be consumed with the sins of the
city there's sins right now in major
cities in America
that if people don't learn to wake up
and get out of some of these cities the
sins of those cities are going to
consume many of these people I'm telling
you I don't mind telling you it's time
there comes a time to come and there
Comes A Time To Go you need to Flee for
Your
Life I want to show you what I'm talking
about that may sound like a radical
statement but I want to tell you what
I'm talking about I wonder if the day
going to come in America before Jesus
comes that cities are going to become so
Lawless and you're going to have such
district attorneys that won't prosecute
felons and there going to be lawlessness
on every hand robbery murder all these
things and people are still living there
with blindfolds on but there's preachers
like me that God's raising up and others
that God's raising up and he may be
saying think about getting out while you
can't
this place is becoming a Sodom and a
gamorra get out while you
can
wo some of you when you heard me say
that you might put the brakes on and say
oh now he's he's beginning to get a
little bit fanatical no I want you to
listen to what I'm saying I'm telling
you right now you better pray for many
of your relatives that live in some of
these large cities the devil is trying
to consume these cities and he's trying
to consume the Christian he's trying to
gobble up the churches where is the last
time you've ever heard of a powerful
Holy Ghost filled Church in some of
these big cities they're being gobbled
up and spit out be careful friend that
you don't stay too long in
[Applause]
Sodom oh my God I said be careful that
you don't T too long in Sodom get out
while the beginning is good
wo
listen it said while he lingered while
he
what while he
lingered if I've got an angel over here
telling me get out I'm going say
okay you know but while he lingered you
know what that
was you got it willful
ignorance slow
oh now listen to
this the Angels laid hold on his hand
look at this the Angels laid hold on his
hand an angel touched him if you're in a
stuper I would think that if an angel
touched me I'd say whoa thank you very
much an angel talked to him an angel
warned him and now an angel reached out
and grabbed hold of him wow and look
what he
said laid hold of his hand and the Hand
of his wife God was showing
Mercy they evacuated them out of the
city marked for
Destruction and so now the angel said
let us give you our
plan of where to go now that we got you
out of the
city we want to tell you the best
route so when they had brought them
forth
abroad the angel said Escape for life
now look not behind
you don't stay in all the plane get out
of the
plane escape to the mountain lest you be
consumed I brought you out of the city I
took you by the hand I warned you I
can't do anything else we've got to go
back and Destroy these
cities but now keep
going escape to the mountain don't stay
in the these planes lest you be consumed
you're going to stay you're going to be
too close there's going to be a terrible
fire and
brimstone you don't want to stay here
keep moving keep moving fast and lot
said oh no no not so my
Lord if I have found Grace in your sight
and you have magnified thy mercy which
you showed unto me in saving my life I
can't escape to the mountain
what I can't escape to the mountain lest
some
evil would overtake me and I
die I think if I'd been that angel I'd
get a swift kicking his rear
end I think I'd have kicked him so hard
I would have knocked him past the Milky
Way I can't L some wild animal kills me
you know why the angel should have said
oh you're going to die we can arrange
that if you just stay here in the plains
you're going to die but I'm telling you
go to the mountains that's the safest
route how many of you knows if an
angel's talking to me I'm going where
the angel tells me to
go but he became willfully
ignorant willfully ignorant he heard it
but he rejected the
information
look at
this I can't escape to the mountain let
some evil take me and I
die behold now this city is near to flee
into it's just a little
city let me escape to this city is it
not a little city and my soul shall
live so lot hesitated and challenged the
directions that the Angels chose to give
him and his
family and he said there's wild animals
there I made
die see what happens whenever you're in
a place where there's major sin you lose
your reasoning
abilities understand that when you're in
a place where there's prolific
sin and where it's an abominable sins
that are really strong in that
City it affects people's
thinking and there's no doubt in my mind
but what's going on in America today
there's such abominable
sins that's taking place that it's even
affecting the
logic and the
reasoning of many normal people they're
not even thinking normal
anymore they're not thinking about how
great God is they're not thinking about
how thankful they ought to be that God
sent the Angels they're thinking about
wild
animals wild
animals and listen to
this so the Bible says
lot plotted his own Escape Route and
chose a little city called
zor and the angel said well
hurry so as the sun came up that morning
on the earth lot entered into zor he
didn't do what the Angels told
him he didn't go to the mountains he
went where he wanted to
go he was not open for instruction you
know what I'm seeing today
I'm seeing many good people that used to
be close to God and love God I'm seeing
many of them now where they don't take
instructions
anymore from Men of God women of God and
including the word of God they're
choosing what's right in their own sight
are y'all listening to what I'm saying I
said are you listening to what I'm
saying you know I'm telling you the
truth now listen to
this when the sun came up on the earth
lot was entering into toor he got his
way God wouldn't have Wait Another
Minute he told those angels Let It Go it
rained down fire and brimstone and all
the inhabitants perished now this is so
strange to
me Abraham interceded for
lot but Abraham also interceded for
Sodom and Gomorrah but now if you ever
thought about
this that city was so
wicked that
Abraham stopped interceding with 10 and
he said
surely he won't do it because there's
surely 10 righteous
there well lot was in
righteous lot escaped by the skin of his
teeth only because of his uncle
Abraham that culture of Sodom and
Gomorrah had worked its way way into the
very pores of the fiber of their
souls that when the angel said don't
turn and look back Lot's wife turned
like this and look back her feet was
facing
zor but her head was facing
Sodom and she froze and became a pillar
of
salt and God rained down fire and
brimstone on Sodom and Gomorrah and the
land was burned to a crisp and to this
day nothing grows
there God destroyed
it
suppose there's people in America
today that's living in Hell holes a lot
like that that has cities names of
cities that we all
know how much longer can you stay there
I'm asking you this
question how much longer can you stay
there how much longer can you stay where
Law and Order
is out the door how much longer can you
stay where sodomites are teaching your
kids in the school
system sodomites are behind the
teacher's desk where your kids put an
apple on that desk and they're teaching
them sexual things and they're teaching
them you might not really be a male you
might not really be a female and if
you're beginning to wonder about that I
can help you I think not you better not
try to help my child
you better not try to I'll take care of
my child but I I I just like to ask this
question I'd like to ask this question
how much longer can you stay in a city
like that with ungodly leadership
Darkness prevalent
Darkness people's got their eyes covered
over willful ignorance and your kids are
being taught like that on every hand
listen on every
hand wickedness is taking over some of
our major
cities the Lord warned me about the the
winter and about the blue States it
wasn't more about the red States and I
saw more of a of people moving and and
and relocating Lord warning them to
relocate and to start moving and doing
things over 2024 going into 2020 before
2025 uh those angels were coming
down and they were going to these homes
and they were they were doing this
motion with their hand doing like this
like come on come on come on come on
come on come on telling the people to
leave come on come on come on warning
the people somehow it was like it was
very it was very strange because every
Angel was doing the motion with their
hand doing this they were doing this and
they were waving the people to come on
and so they did this for probably you
know several M for several minutes when
you're in the spirit you know I couldn't
really tell it time frame you could just
sense an urgency on their faces I could
see their faces and it felt such an
urgency of a warning telling the people
to come come come come leave leave leave
you know that's what I felt you know
they didn't say anything I could just
see the body language that they were in
a hurry I'm coming to you with this
message about the Earth is speaking are
you listening I'm dealing with four sins
four major sins that will cause the
Earth to convulse
and if you look in the Bible you'll see
that man and land are indelibly
connected the land will manifest what's
going on with the man when God put Adam
in the garden he put him there to tend
the land and the land and Adam worked
together and it was a beautiful thing
but when man sinned the land began to
rebel against man and the land began to
manifest what was going on in man well
that same thing is going on today that
same concept that same principle is
working today where the land is going to
manifest the sins that are proliferating
in our nation and in the nations of the
earth they are proliferating they are
increasing at alarming rates it's hard
to keep up with it but you're going to
see the land begin to show forth and
you're going to begin to see it act out
in the way of
earthquakes volcanoes the weather and
many other things things is something
that you need to be aware of it's going
to start happening rapidly and quickly
can't tell exactly when but it's coming
the Holy Spirit spoke to me early in the
morning and he said I want you to warn
the people this is coming they need to
be aware so they won't be afraid they
will pray the Bible says that there's a
connection between sin and the
land Adam said because you have
hearkened to the voice of your and and
God said unto Adam because you've Park
to the voice of your wife and you've
eaten of this forbidden tree which I
commanded you you shall not eat of it I
told you not to eat of it and curse now
is the
ground for your sake in
sorrow it's the ground is going to
disappoint you and you're going to have
much sorrow because now the land is not
going to work with you the land has got
a heavy load of sin on it and it's not
going to work with you anymore
communication's been broken you was a
Steward I created you to be a steward of
the land and now have you lost your
stewardship of the land and the land is
not going to work with you and you're
not going to be able to work with the
land and as long as man was right with
God the land was
beautiful it was
luscious It produced with no
toil and as soon as Sin got connected
with both man and the
land man was even created from the earth
Man was created from Land man
land man lost control and
Dominion of his stewardship of the land
and the land came under a curse and it
started working against Adam and Eve Man
became a servant to the land he was
constantly having to deal with
thorns God said If my
people which are called by my name shall
humble themselves and
pray and seek my face and turn from
their Wicked Ways then I will hear from
Heaven I will forgive their sin and look
at this unusual wording I will heal
their
land in other words you'll be
incomplete if I just forgive your sins
and I don't heal the
land the land and man needs that
Unity there the man on the middle cross
was Christ he was
God they stretched him out like a male
Factor on that middle
cross and he took on himself the sins of
the
world he took on himself one man on the
middle cross took on the sins of the
whole universe all of mankind I believe
that's why the Bible said the sky turned
dark because the devil is the Prince of
Darkness I Believe The Demon was
gathered like
bats and they came against that man on
the middle cross let me tell you
something friend there's never been a
hero like Jesus Christ nobody but notice
what happened when Jesus hung on the on
the cross the Bible said there was a
great earthquake Now isn't that
strange what a time for an
earthquake what does that mean when he
took on all the sins of the world the
Earth saw the sins of the world being
piled on Christ and the Earth Earth
couldn't take it it reacted it
convulsed and the Earth shook there was
a great
earthquake when Jesus died at the sixth
hour he gave up the
ghost in connection with him becoming
the sin offering the Earth convulsed it
just it just convulsed that's what it
does when there's an intensification of
sin the
earthquakes when Jesus made an end to
sin and he went went down into
hell and he defeated and spoiled powers
and principalities and he did it
single-handedly and he came up out of
the grave and he brought those that was
down there in Paradise in the heart of
the earth and Abraham's wisdom when
Jesus came forth from the grave he
conquered sin death and the grave and
when he came forth the Bible said the
Earth quaked
again look at it on Resurrection morning
it said and behold there was a great
earthquake listen two earthquakes in
three
days and Israel doesn't have that many
earthquakes listen to me when he became
sin the Earth
reacted and whenever he resurrected from
the dead and he conquered sin the Earth
the Bible said there was a great
earthquake you know what a great
earthquake is 6.0 or
above and so not only when Jesus rose
that morning from the grave that got
some attention but the earthquake also
heralded his resurrection and said yeah
he's the one he's he he dealt with it he
thoroughly dealt with the sin issue now
there's four
sins that the Bible mentions that
defiles the
land and the Bible mentions these four
and they're powerful sins and they're
all in motion right now first sin that I
want to talk about is
idolatry God said I will repay them
double for their wickedness and their
sin because they've defiled my land
and with the lifeless forms of their
images their vow images and they have
filled my inheritance with their
detestable
Idols today there's a spirit of strong
delusion in
America people think they can worship
another God besides our God and people
are led to believe that there's another
way to the father other than through
Jesus Christ this is not the case you'll
be cursed if you believe that there is
only one God God there is only one
Jehovah he's the god of Abraham Isaac
and Jacob he had a son and his son's
name is Jesus Christ and he's the savior
of all mankind there is no other way to
the father save by Jesus Christ in the
Days of Elijah the nation of Israel had
backslid Jezebel now and her husband
Ahab was on the throne leading
Israel idolatrous worship was going on
under Jezebel and Baal and it was
worship called Baal
worship and it was during the time of
Elijah the
prophet and the Bible says in
Deuteronomy 28 I want to read you what
the Bible says about blessings it says
if it shall come to pass if you'll obey
the voice of the Lord your
God and observe carefully his
Commandments which he commands you today
that the Lord your God will set you on
high above all the nations of the earth
that's what he'll do the Lord will open
un you his good
treasure the heavens and he will give
you
rain on your land in its season and
he'll do that to bless the work of your
hand and you'll be so blessed that
you'll lend to many nations but you will
not
borrow Deuteronomy also says this but it
shall come to pass if you don't obey the
voice of the Lord your God to observe
carefully all of his Commandments and
his statutes which I command you today
that all these curses
will come upon you and overtake you one
of the curses is in verse 23 your
Heavens which are over your head shall
be bronzed over and the Earth which is
under your feet will become iron and the
Lord will change the rain of your land
to powder and
dust if you don't obey the Lord and you
don't serve him and you don't give him
honor for creating you and giving you a
chance to live on the earth but you're
going to turn after some other God some
other evil entity and you're going to
give your worship to that he'll change
the rain that he would normally give you
in your land he'll change it to powder
and dust from the heaven it shall come
down on you until you're
destroyed this land will destroy you if
you turn to Idols so isn't it
interesting that the heavens were shut
and no rain could Could Fall In The Days
of
Elijah for 3 years because they were
falling into bail worship the children
of Israel were falling into Bell
worship and the Bible said God raised up
Elijah the tishbite of the inhabitants
of Gilead and he said to Ahab as the
Lord God of Israel lives before whom I
stand Elijah prophesied and he said
there will be no
rain for three years these years except
it comes out of my
mouth you have turned to baale you have
turned away from the Lord and now the
heavens will withhold the rain until I
say
so and you remember when Elijah built
the altar to
God and those of baale worship built
their altars the prophets of baale built
their
altars and Elijah prayed they prayed and
you know the Bible said that the Lord
answered Elijah by
fire and it said the fire of the Lord
fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice
and the wood and the stones and the dust
and licked it up all the waters that was
in the trench now when all the people
saw it they fell in their faces and they
repented and they said the Lord is God
the Lord is God when they saw the fire
of God and that God answered by fire
they repented right there and they knew
that they was in a false religion and
Elijah said to them seize the prophets
of
baale and Elijah brought him down to the
brook Kean and he killed them elij to
kill 400 false prophets
himself and then Elijah said something
interesting
ah after he killed the 400 false prophet
and after the children of Israel
repented and said the Lord is God look
what he said Elijah said go up now and
eat eat and drink for now there's a
sound of rain rain's
coming as soon as that idolatry was
dealt with and people repented now the
rain is going to come back second sin
that the Bible said will cause the Earth
to convulse and to
vomit is the sin of immorality
fornication and
homosexuality Leviticus 18 discusses
sexual sins God saido not defile your
sins with any of these ways because this
is how the Nations that I'm going to
drive out before you became defiled even
the land he said was defiled and I
punished them for their sins and the
land vomited out the land vomited out
its
inhabitants everybody look at me and
listen to me God said the land vomited
the people
out caused them to have to
evacuate they could couldn't stay on
that land for whatever reason they had
to evacuate God caused the land to cause
the people to spew them out where they
couldn't come
back God said if that's the way you're
going to treat me I'm God when there was
nothing I created the earth I created
you out of nothing and I put you on the
earth and gave you a shot at life and
this is how you're going to treat me
with all this stuff going on about
transs and the schools teaching kids
little kids about trans and you're not
not really a female you're not really a
male and all this stuff is happening
it's increasing the sin in the land and
the Earth is going to convulse and it's
going to convulse in ways you can't
begin to imagine here's what the Lord
said to tell you he said there's going
to begin to be things happening that the
Earth has never seen but it's still
going to be convulsing and vomiting but
it's going to be things the Earth has
never seen and they're going to say what
does this mean I don't even know what it
means cuz I haven't seen it either but
the Lord said it will be on people's
lips wonder what this
means but you're going to see it and
you're going to remember this
message
Jeremiah chapter 23 said the land is
full of
adulterers land is full of
people that's not faithful to a marriage
partner
Jeremiah said the land's full of
adulteries full of it full
full because of the curse the land lies
parched and the pastures in the desert
are
withered the prophets follow an evil
course and use their power
unjustly listen to this in the days of
Noah there was extreme sexual perversion
there was even Fallen
Angels coming down to having sex with
the daughters of
men and Society civilization had been so
corrupted and
polluted with the natural and the
Supernatural coming together in sexual
Unity that Giants came forth from that
Union it was
nephilim's the sons of God were
copulating and having relations with the
daughters of men and It produced a
hybrid race
that disgusted
God and God said I can't permit this I'm
going to destroy the Earth and all of
mankind and he found
Noah and if you don't think God will
destroy sin you better think
again and God found a man by the name of
Noah and told him to build a
boat and he built this
boat and it was only big enough for
eight people and two of all the
animals and the Bible said that the way
God destroyed the
Earth the way God destroyed those anti
delians was with
storms it was with storm the barometric
pressure
dropped on the planet not just in the
Middle East but the barometric pressure
dropped on the planet and the Bible said
it had never rained before there was
just a DW and a that would come up from
the Earth to water the Earth rain began
to fall and I'm talking about training
storms for 40 days and 40
nights and it flooded the Earth and
killed all of mankind with the exception
of Noah and his
family and the
animals so it said in the 600th year of
Noah's life in the second month the 17th
day of the
month All The Fountains of the great
deep the sister in the heart of the
earth that held water rain water the the
water that God had stored away God even
commanded that
water to burst forth and it began to
come up and water came up from the earth
and water came down on the earth for 40
days and drowned
everything and the windows of Heaven
were open and the rain was on the earth
40 days and
nights in the days of Sodom and
Gomorrah there was such sexual
perversion that even when the Angels
Came came and warn lot to his house they
came to his house to warn lot to get
out the men of Sodom saw the Angels come
to lot's
house and they tried to capture those
angels and have sex with them they were
just burning at
lust and the angels had to blind those
men and they went staggering out into
the night because they were trying to
overwhelm and rape those angels that's
how powerful and how lustful
sin and lust had broken out in the earth
and so the Bible says that the Lord
rained Brown Brimstone and fire on Sodom
and
gor from the Lord out of the heavens he
overthrew those cities God overthrew
those
cities on all the plain and inhabitants
of the cities and the Bible says look at
this what grew on the
ground he scorched it scorched it he put
an end to
it
you better be
careful just like I'm going to say this
and I'm G to stick my neck out and I'm G
to say it it don't bother me a bit to
say it but I think it's going to give
some of you
heartburn but here's what I want to say
just like these people out there in
America
marching with the Palestinians and
Marching for
Hamas and they're protesting against
Israel you see that
happening that same thing that same Same
Spirit is loose in America where people
are protesting for the rights of
homosexuals and
transgenders and it defies everything
that has to do with God and His
Holiness and if you ever fall in that
trap you're going to be lost and you're
going to be downam with the rest of them
and I'm telling you you better back up
and think twice you better be what God's
for and you better be against what God's
against that is the truth hear me
everybody hear me as clear and as plain
as I can say it you have no choice in
the matter if God's against it I'm
against it I don't need to know nothing
else if he's against it and he says it's
Abomination it's Abomination listen God
has not turned his back on the
homosexuals but he's turned his back on
that homosexual spirit it's damning this
country it's going to damn America don't
you be damned with
it the third reason that the Earth will
convulse and vomit is because the
shedding of of innocent blood look at it
it says in the Bible Bloodshed pollutes
the land atonement can't be made for the
land on which the blood has been shed
except by the blood of the one who shed
it in other words they'll have to pay
the cost of it do not defile the land
where you
live where I dwell for I the Lord dwell
among the Israel
Israelites I want to show you something
about C Cain and Abel I'd never seen
this
before Cain talked with Abel his brother
and it came to pass when they were in
the field that Cain rose up against Abel
and slew him killed him murdered him in
Cold
Blood and the Lord said to Cain where's
Abel your brother he said I don't know
am I My Brother's
Keeper one of the first things where
your Rebellion shows up is in your
mouth when you take a stand opposite of
gods you'll become a smart
elic and you'll find fault with anybody
that tries to take a stand for
Holiness and he said what have you done
the voice of your brother's blood is
crying to me from the
ground in other words what God's saying
is I as God can hear the voice of that
blood that blood doesn't need vocal
cords that blood doesn't need a tongue
that blood doesn't need lungs I hear
that blood crying out to me from the
ground look at this this is what God
Said to Cain your curse from the earth
which has opened her mouth to receive
your brother's blood Cain was a tiller
of the ground and
Abel brought God an offering from the
flocks a blood offering but Cain was
tiller of the ground he made his living
from the
ground it said when you till the ground
from now
on it won't yield to you
anymore because innocent blood's been
spilled on this ground the ground now
will turn against
you and he said when you teal the ground
it won't yield unto you his strength but
a fugitive and a vagabond shall you be
in the earth I looked up that word
Vagabond and I was shocked one who has
no home or
homeless A desperate feeling of having
no place to go A desperate feeling of
not belonging
anywhere not being able to be employed
no chance to have Vision or good outlook
good outlook for your future listen to
me the largest city in America is New
York City on the east coast and the
Earth is vomiting out people out of New
York City they're leaving it by the
thousands that's one of the major
abortion capitals of the world where
they're doing full-term
abortions and the Earth is vomiting the
city's vomiting people out they're
coming to Florida they're going to Texas
they're coming to Georgia they're going
to South Carolina all kind of places
they're leaving there by the tens of
thousands every month there's a mass
Exodus and people are leaving California
by the hundreds of thousands and they're
settling in Texas they're settling in
Arizona and they're settling in all
other kind of places all up and down the
Gulf Coast they're leaving California
the Earth is vomiting them out why
because of the shedding of innocent
blood the cities are being vomiting
they're venting out the inhabitants and
what you're going to see in America and
I want you to hear me cuz I'm telling
you the truth the cities that continue
on with this killing of the the innocent
and shedding of innocent blood when they
kill these babies and their blood is
crying out oh Jesus oh God help me and
God hears them crying out from the
ground God is about to raise up and he's
about to bring judgment in a way that
you can't begin to even understand the
Earth is crying out the the Earth is
mourning and the Earth is travailing the
Earth is groaning because of the
shedding of innocent blood and
homelessness homelessness is going to
increase in beautiful cities Across
America that used to be
picturess and was on travel folders now
you don't want to go there because
there's people in the streets by the
tens of thousands number four is broken
covenants the Bible said the Earth is
defiled by its people they have
disobeyed the laws violated the statutes
and broken the Everlasting Covenant
therefore a curse consumes the Earth
people must bear their guilt for
breaking Covenant therefore Earth's
inhabitants are burned up and very few
are
left God looks at covenant as
sacred these are Oaths that must not be
broken why are we seeing a proliferation
of
divorce because it's a Breaking of
Covenant till death to his
part it's
sad America made a covenant with God
those who came to jamest toown in
16007 in the Virginia
compact the reason why they
came they said was to propagate and to
expand the gospel of the kingdom of the
Lord Jesus Christ and to take the gospel
to people who were lying in darkness and
had no knowledge of the one true God yes
the pilgrims arriving in Massachusetts
stated the same thing in
1620 they proclaimed having undertaken a
voyage for the glory of God in the
advancement of the Christian faith yes
John Winthrop said in leading 700
Puritans to Massachusetts in
1631 others may come to the new world
for the wealth and for The
Furs but we come with another goal
another end we've come and entered into
an explicit Covenant with God to be his
people in a new world yes according to
the historian William
Federer such Christian compacts became
the model for the US
Constitution our Founders put God first
and foremost in the Declaration of
Independence scriptures is even on the
Liberty Bell to Proclaim Liberty
throughout the land to all the
inhabitants thereof America must not
forget the judeo-christian foundation
and the covenants that were made with
God when our nation was founded if we
forget God said the land will
vomit and the land will spew you out if
you break Covenant with God one Covenant
I want to draw your attention to and I
close Bible says this in Genesis the
Lord made a covenant with Abram said
unto thy seed have I given this land
from the river of
Egypt the N River to the river Euphrates
right there the Nile River in blue
Euphrates River God said I'm giving you
all this
land that includes
Jordan most of parts of Iraq
Syria and even parts of Saudi Arabia and
I quit Drawing the Line because we don't
know how far that way the line goes but
we do know it goes from the river of
Nile into the Euphrates
River that's land they haven't gotten
back yet somebody says do you think this
Psalms 83 is the war that's happening
there right now I think it very well
could be I think it's still developing I
think it's still simmering on the stove
I think it's possible so the Bible
said the same day the Lord made a
covenant with Abram he made a covenant
with Abram a
covenant God made a
covenant and when God makes a covenant
is
forever and he said unto your seed Abram
th the Jews have I given this land from
the river of Egypt to the great river
Euphrates I will make of you a great
nation Abram and I will bless you and
make your name great and you shall be a
blessing and I will bless them that
bless you I will curse them that curse
you and in you shall all the families of
the earth be blessed this is direct
correlation to how God treats
people he said I'll treat them badly
that treat you badly and I'll treat them
wonderfully that treat you wonderfully F
so God watches over his land and he
watches over
Israel when a nation mishandles Israel
and I want to you stop and say this I
want everybody look at me and listen to
me
carefully oh my
God October the
7th innocent
blood I'm saying this in context what
I'm preaching this morning innocent
blood cutting baby B's heads
off killing little children's parents
before their very eyes and kids hiding
out in the cabinet for 16 hours before
their
rescued taking
hostages shooting people raping
women such
Unthinkable
behavior and that happened right there
in Israel I don't think that Hamas has
counted the cost of the hell that's
coming to them am and I'm not talking
about necessarily through the IDF I'm
talking about from the hand of
God because that's God's land his eyes
are on it from the beginning of the year
to the ending of the year that was
innocent blood that was shed they did
nothing to nobody there was already a
ceasefire so here's what I want to say
to you in regard to what's going on in
Israel right now and what's going on in
Gaza and what may be about to go on in
the other nations right around Israel
just keep your station
tuned because with that being shed
innocent blood being shed in
Israel we're going to see the
retribution of God and it's not going to
be
pretty so I could say a lot more about
it but I'm just going to press
on there's a direct correlation in how
God treats people who treats Israel a
certain way he watches over it when
Russia
comes against Israel in Ezekiel 38-39
which is called the war of Gog and
Magog when Russia comes with a coalition
of
Nations one of the first ones mentioned
that comes with Russia against Israel is
Iran
Persia and there's other nations it's a
coalition of Nations that comes with
Russia against Israel here's what God
said I want you to look at this watch
how he uses the Earth and he manifests
himself in the Earth when they start
coming against Israel just listen to
this this is
interesting it shall come to pass at the
same time when Gog comes against the
land of
Israel says the Lord God that my Fury
will come up in my
face in my jealousy and in the fire of
my wrath have I spoken in that day there
will be a great shaking in the land of
Israel there will be an
earthquake in the land of Israel the
fish of the
sea the fowls of Heaven the beasts of
the field and all the creeping things
that creep upon the Earth and all the
men that are upon the face of the Earth
shall shake at my presence God said I'm
mad and the mountains will be thrown
down and the Steep places shall fall and
every wall shall fall to the
ground so that's what happens whenever
Russia decides to come against Israel
and God will destroy Russia on the seven
mountains of Israel along with that
Coalition of
Nations God said the fish of the sea
will see
it the fowls that fly into heaven will
see it the Beast that graze in the
fields will see it everything that
creeps upon the Earth and all the men
that are upon the face of the Earth all
the nations will see
it and will shake it my
presence and the
mountains will be thrown down
down and the Steep places will fall and
every wall will fall to the ground
whenever I stand up to defend Israel and
to keep them from this Consolidated
effort to destroy
them so that's why I say today with
what's going on in Israel with that
blood being shed innocent blood being
shed right there in Israel in those
kabut and the killing and the capture
and the hostages and the way that's
being
handled
13 a day for four days and only God
knows what's going to how long are they
going to keep the other
ones it's just
insult and God sees
it let me read to you this from The Book
of Revelation about an earthquake that's
going to take
place in the uh Book of Revelation after
the church is gone listen to
this when he'd opened the Sixth Seal
there was a great earthquake
the sun became black as sackcloth of
hair and the moon became as
blood the stars of Heaven fell to the
Earth even as figs cast in timely
figs when the earth is shaken with
Mighty Wind and the heavens departed as
a
scroll Revelation
16 when that angel poured out his Veil
into the air there came a great voice
out of the temple in heaven saying it's
done and there was voices and Thunders
and Lightnings and there was a great
earthquake such as was not since men
were upon the Earth greatest earthquake
of all times so mighty an earthquake the
Bible says it's so
great and the great
city was divided into three parts and
the cities of the Nations fell the
cities of the Nations fell now everybody
listen to me this is not a regional
earthquake this is a worldwide
earthquake where the
world is experiencing one major
earthquake Quake it's shaking the
nations of the world this is not a
regional like a Los Angeles this is the
nations of the world look look how
powerful this earthquake
is the cities of the Nations fa look at
that the cities of the Nations Nations
plural
fell and great Babylon came and
Remembrance poor God to give her the cup
of wine and the fierceness of hisra
every island fled away and mountains
were not found it cast them to the
ground such a great
earthquake Islands passed away and
mountains
collapsed who could survive such a thing
see the Earth is
convulsing why the church is now gone
there's nothing to hinder it anymore so
the Earth is convulsing like a mad
person it's like they're having seizures
it's like the Earth is having a major
seizure the church is gone the
righteousness is gone the people of God
are not here now hell's taking over and
the Earth is going nuts it's like it's
going into seizures it shall come to
pass that who flees from the noise of
fear shall fall into the pit and he that
comes out of the midst of the pit shall
be taken in the snare for the windows
from on high are open and the
foundations of the earth do
shake the foundations of the earth do
shake the Earth is utterly broken
down the Earth is clean
dissolved the Earth has moved
exceedingly look at this the Earth is UT
UT L broken down this is in Isaiah it's
talking about the earthquake in
Revelation the Earth is utterly broken
down the Earth is clean dissolved the
Earth is moved
exceedingly it sets 23 point something
off of perpendicular to give us the
seasons but the Bible says when this
earth earthquake takes place that the
Earth is completely broken down and
completely dissolved the cities are
collapsed the islands have fled away the
mountains have collapsed you say I don't
believe that well you don't believe the
Bible I'm trying to tell you when the
church is out of here you don't want to
be here you don't want to be left
friends I'm just trying to paint you a
picture that if you're thinking somehow
that it's going to be you know a great
place to be and well I miss the Rapture
but I'll tell no it's going to be
something that you're not prepared for
and neither is anybody
else and it said the Earth shall reel to
and fro like a drunkard in verse 20 the
Earth shall reel to and fro the Earth
will do this right
here like a drunkard walking down the
balery the Earth will reel to and fro
like a
drunkard and shall be removed like a
cottage and the transgression thereof
shall be heavy upon it and it shall
fall and not rise
again and that's why the Lord will burn
off the outer Cosmos of of the earth and
there'll be a new heavens and a new
Earth
so I'm going to remind you one more time
and I'm going to let you
go you will remember this
message because I'm telling you I heard
from the
Lord and the Lord said to tell
them that there's things coming upon the
Earth that they need to be aware of that
is
coming I'm just like that meteorologist
that says there's a the low pressure
system up in the
Pacific and it's not going to hit us
right now but it's working its way this
way and we'll see the results of that
low pressure
system so there's some things that's not
going to happen right at the moment but
it may happen before this day is out and
I'm just trying to tell you to be
prepared don't be don't let it take your
breath away and don't let it shake your
faith but you're about to see things as
evil proliferates and evil men
proliferates and Things become more out
in the open more
bold nakedness Abominations perversion
it becomes more
bold innocent blood being shed
persecution of Christians as you see all
this stuff the Earth is just going to go
into
convulsions so be ready for it I was
praying and the Lord showed me he said I
need you to pray for Italy and I said
what what's going on with it literally
Lord and he said and he showed me I had
that open eyed Vision again and he
showed me he said there's a massive
volcano that's about to happen and I saw
a coastline but it's it's on the water
and there's a massive volcano there and
he told me he said this is going to
happen and he said there will be signs
right before there's a massive explosion
I saw it I saw this thing explode huge
and he kept having me prey over the
ocean the water there's something about
the water the ocean around Italy that is
there's something very dangerous there's
like a volcano in that water and this is
going to shoot off and it's going to
cause major major uh Devastation it's
going to be very serious well if you're
still watching I hope you still are I
hope you watched all that that was a
blessing I'm telling you the man of God
that John Kilpatrick is I'm telling you
that that sermon was a awesome awesome
word from the Lord and I'm I I pray it
blessed you um if you're still watching
I know you're a true uh follower of me
and I just want to say thank you for
your support um let me pray for you all
uh I know it was a very uh sobering word
and that's what it's going to take in
these end times to shake the people to
let them know what's coming I know it's
not always going to be sugar and and and
and grumd drops but it's sometimes we're
going to have to hear the hard things
and that was a hard time where word and
and it's it's a wakeup call and so I
want to pray for you all right now
father I just thank you Father for every
single person that is is watching this
video still right now I pray healing and
wholeness and wellness over their bodies
we call Deliverance over their minds I
call uh freedom in their Spirits father
that they're not bound by any kind of
demonic
spirit and no stronghold can hold them
back we thank you Lord that the greater
is he that is in them than he that is in
the world and and no weapon formed
against them is going to prosper we
thank you Lord for your Great Mighty
power that flows through each and every
single one of us every believer that
will call upon your name you're there
and I thank you Lord that you're no
respector of persons and that what
you'll do for one you'll do for another
and I thank you Father for your blood
that covers Us from the top of our head
to the souls of our feet we thank you
Lord for your Divine protection
and we give you all the glory honor and
praise for it in the name of Jesus and
everybody say Amen well if you could
like this video please subscribe if you
could click that notification Bell it
really helps us to get the gospel out we
are literally changing lives one Soul at
a time people are coming to Jesus
through this YouTube channel on a daily
basis and I just want to tell you thank
you for supporting me thank you for
being being a part of our family please
uh click those notification bells and
help us because it helps us with the
algorithm with uh with uh YouTube so I
just want to say thank you all thank you
thank you thank you from the bottom of
our hearts uh and we will uh no and what
I want to tell you also is uh Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas and this is
going to be an amazing year 2024 2024
you soar 2024 we're going to soar like
the W on wings of eagles big big things
are coming in 2024 for the body of
Christ and so I just want to say put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart Jesus loves you so much and we
will see you next time you all have a
blessed one
bye-bye